DOCPLAN-151: Red Hat Style and Editorial Alignment (#110767)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/support/virt-troubleshooting.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="virt-troubleshooting"]
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

> = Troubleshooting

Reviewer: same comment as above

:context: virt-troubleshooting

:toclevels: 4

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> To diagnose and resolve issues with virtual machine (VMs) and cluster components, you can troubleshoot {VirtProductName} by using the web console or the {oc-first}. These practices help ensure your virtualized infrastructure remains healthy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To diagnose and resolve issues with virtual machine (VM) and cluster components, you can troubleshoot {VirtProductName} by using the web console or the {oc-first}. These practices help ensure your virtualized infrastructure remains healthy.
```

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> To diagnose and resolve issues with virtual machine (VMs) and cluster components, you can troubleshoot {VirtProductName} by using the web console or the `oc` CLI tool. These practices help ensure your virtualized infrastructure remains healthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To diagnose and resolve issues with virtual machine (VMs) and cluster components, you can troubleshoot {VirtProductName} by using the web console or the {oc-first}. These practices help ensure your virtualized infrastructure remains healthy.
```

> To diagnose and resolve issues with `Virtual Machine` (VMs) and cluster components, you can troubleshoot {VirtProductName} by using the web console or the `oc` CLI tool. These practices help ensure your virtualized infrastructure remains healthy.

Reviewer 3: Same comment about capitalizing virtual machine.
